fountains abbey in yorkshire is a good
place to watch hunting bats in action
including one of the most common door
bernsen's bat also known as the water
back old stone bridges are a favorite
roost the water bat chirps aren't
exactly subtle at 110 decibels makes
more racket than a road drill but like
us most of the insects it hunts can't
hear ultra sound as the bat homes in its
squeaks of speed art
insects have been bat gray since the
dinosaurs were here and some have got
wise to the hunters tricks this more has
ears tuned direct to bat frequency and
lightning reactions to help it dodge
attack power diving is a common moth
escape technique though crash landing in
the water can backfire the door Benton's
isn't called the water bat for nothing
in the Abbey Gardens a very different
bat sets out to look for food brown
long-eared bats use a different strategy
from most bats instead of shouting they
whisper this means they get fainter
echoes back so they need massive ears to
compensate a long eared bat ears are so
sensitive they can pick up wing
vibrations from a moth perched on a leaf
another bug bites the dust' dispatched
live bat technology